Lagging so let's discover V.M. money Mancini in the preview we talk about the other option that is Abdula
view of the host.
If we can check this one you'll see that our the hosts monitoring is desirable.
We only have do the monitoring.
So this is a deliberate on the host and this want to do it off the vitriol machine so that we have option
for the virtual machine.
We have the first one is the LeT mean with those not active hires immediately Abdula of the victory
machine.
We have virtual machine monitoring only and virtual machine and application monitoring.
Only if we remember we told that the not wanted to introduce virtual machine the operating system and
application inside that virtual machine.
So if we click on this option Itek do chickadee of course if we chose disable they automatically disable
it.
Alda's option so in Dublin ahead bit monitoring is the same as we do in the hosts we used to head to
beat.
Its like a bank the monitoring wristlets individual virtual machine.
If dir VM were truly heard the bits are not received within six times application monitoring receipt.
And if we do the virtual machine if in guest heard debates are not received read a time so if we check
this one.
And of course you need to have a VM where you're inside this vitrine machine all the virtual machine
in the cluster that we're going through is in the height of your belief we should of them were true.
So for that the height of ability send a bit to the different virtual machine and the VM would do it
inside those virtual machine respond to that Harold beats automatically stunt hard to beat.
That this virtual machine and operating system inside.
This is our key.
It's working perfectly.
So we chose them monitoring that's mean.
We monitored Do agencies think inside the different virtual machine.
So turn on them where you heard the beat mean act.
You've heard to bits to them where true in every of those virtual machine we we chose.
OK.
You can send a command to all the virtual machine in that cluster and your own VM virtual beats.
So when I heard the beats are not received within a set time druggist's operating system is restarted.
That's me with a specific time we're going to see it right there.
When do cluster does not get a head to beat in a specific time.
It will send a command to do the virtual machine to restart it will power it off then are powered on
again.
And of course you should take careful when you do the monitoring.
For example in some situation the virtual machine freezing just isn't for a specific time in that time.
Do what you'd stop.
Ahead the beats and do surveys of height and with it when I see that this virtual machine is out of
service because it does not get any Herbie's in that situation.
We will restart the virtual machine and we have a problem of the heights of ability for two or three
minutes until the virtual machine restarted.
Even there still exist in that virtual machine that you phrase it in that time working perfectly.
For example if you use ah backup service for example or software that backup the application inside
one of your virtual machine sometimes when the backup starts on and do the backup of the data into victory
or machine it is the fall super You are restless.
You consume about 100 percent of CPI in that time some service individual must be freezing.
He can't work for that time.
When do backup service use the fall Sippy resouce one of them is the VM word.
You'll drop the backup of the individual machine.
Where all freezing.
And then when the height of ability there is not good.
I heard the bit of being worked through here we'll try to restart the operation system.
So if you restart the operation system or division machine that's start working the backup start doing
a backup.
You will lost your backup and you will lost the data drove the backup process and maybe the operating
system would be damaged.
Drag the backup process.
So we should be careful when we use the virtual machine monitoring.
So always recommended to disable the virtual machine monitoring in an environment until you are sure
that this virtual machine can be monitoring by height.
Operability didn't we have the application as the same as the dream machine.
We used to have the beat odds delivery of the application for example database the exchange the Oracle
the antivirals etc. application exists into your machine octave them and make them to send a heartbeat
to do cluster and when ahead we are not receiving.
We didn't ask Did time do guests.
Operating system is restarted.
So the same again as I told you if the application have a problem and freeze it for a specific time
the heartbeat will be lost did they end up had a reboot will reboot or restart the virtual machine.
So always we use them.
But if you are shrewd you can use one of them or both of them.
Then we do the heartbeat monitoring sensitivity sensitivity of the head bit monitoring.
We have the default option do allow the medium and height so do whites and do allow lets me do some
CBT.
We tend to get ahead to be seat time if you remember right here we have a sick time before a star is
starting to operate consistent.
So if we chose low you see we shall I take of course we have costume to a costume number and we have
the default one right here as you see right here.
So this child's height and see do that right.
So when we chose a higher sensitivity we get about 13 seconds for the final interval.
That's me.
The height of the service will wait about 13 seconds before I start restarting the operating system.
When the height of ability is not to get anywhere the beats just get your machine for a 30 second.
He will send a command to restart the machine.
Of course we chose low.
He will wait about two minutes before restarting the virtual machine.
Didn't have the minimum up time that's mean he will surely get a minimum of two minutes.
I mean when we power a virtual machine after Poland is between Mushin he will start sending our herd
to beat the herd to beat schul to beat the rest of it for about two minutes.
He should get a hold of B's for two minutes before start counting Fidler and Durbach.
So if he gets hurt for only one minute then he's lost the head.
It will wait.
We're not going to restart the virtual machine because I know that this machine is in the power and
on proces when your power of your machine he would take a time to power on.
Then when everything is part of this virtual machine start sending a heartbeat for two minutes or three.
And then when he gets his bit for two minutes then he will keep tracking or monitoring division.
When he does not get a hold of it for him.
He will try to restart this machine machine.
But if we leave the configuration like that he would every time restart your machine.
This pretty much will keep restarting restarting for Element time.
For that we have maximum bar VM reset.
How much it will restart the virtual machine if he does not get the head to beat when we choose height
he took three times.
That's me.
When he does not get anywhere to beat for 30 seconds he will start the vitrine machine.
Then after a little time he gets a bit thin he lost it then he will try to restart the vision machine
for the second time then for the third time after three try of restarting the machine will stop restarting
this virtual machine and forgets about it.
Then we have maximal wristy time windows.
We have one now which also had one out or two or three etc..
That's mean he will make do to restart then he should Dwights about one now before sending another restart.
So how do you control as much as you want.
Of course you can it it does one for example you give it about 10 minutes.
That's mean he should wait about 10 minutes before restarting to visit your machine.
And of course when we chose right here dillo change it for a minute.
This one for five minutes.
This one tree and this one about seven or eight die before you make the next restart.
So this is the option all for do the V.M. monitory.
And as always we try to avoid using this one because it's give you a lot of problem in your environment
and you are very shrewd about it.
Then you can use C++.